- [Ketkee] When you write code, it is always better
to have bugs and programming issues identified
and addressed at compile time,
rather than them showing up at runtime.
Generics in Java provides a way
to define parameterized types.
It implements strict type safety checks at compile time
and helps eliminate bugs at runtime.
It also lets you impose restrictions on parameterized types
to ensure that your application becomes more robust.
The feature of wild cards in generics further helps
to build flexible solutions.
It is an indispensable feature in the Java language today
and one of the most powerful tools
in a Java developer's toolkit.
I am Ketkee Aryamane.
I work as a Java developer, technical trainer, and writer.
Join me in my course,
where we will start off with the fundamentals,
then do a deep dive and implement code examples
to understand these concepts better.
Let's get started.